RGW: added a per topic configuration to control the notification persistency (#52964)
ceph/ceph: doc/radosgw/notifications.rst

.. note:: If the notification fails with an error, cannot be delivered, or
   times out, it is retried until it is successfully acknowledged.
   You can control its retry with time_to_live/max_retries to have a time/retry limit and

>    and control the frequency with retry_sleep_duration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   control the retry frequency with retry_sleep_duration
```

  notifications that are triggered by the topic.
- persistent: This indicates whether notifications to this endpoint are
  persistent (=asynchronous) or not persistent. (This is "false" by default.)
- time_to_live: This will limit the time (in seconds) to retain the notifications.
  default value is taken from `rgw_topic_persistency_time_to_live`.

>   providing a value overrides the from global one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  providing a value overrides the global vslur.
```

>   providing a value overrides the from `rgw_topic_persistency_time_to_live` for this topic,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  providing a value overrides the from global one.
```

>   zero value means infinite time to life (overrides the `rgw_topic_persistency_time_to_live`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  zero value means infinite time to live.
```

- max_retries: This will limit the max retries before expiring notifications.
  default value is taken from `rgw_topic_persistency_max_retries`.

>   providing a value overrides the from global one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  providing a value overrides the global value.
```

  zero value means infinite retries.
- retry_sleep_duration: This will control the frequency of retrying the notifications.
  default value is taken from `rgw_topic_persistency_sleep_duration`.

>   providing a value overrides the from global one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  providing a value overrides the global value.
```

>   zero value means no delay.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  zero value mean there is no delay between retries.
```

> - retry_sleep_duration: This will control the frequency of retrying the notifications. (no sleep by duration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- retry_sleep_duration: This will control the frequency of retrying the notifications.
```

  notifications that are triggered by the topic.
- persistent: This indicates whether notifications to this endpoint are
  persistent (=asynchronous) or not persistent. (This is "false" by default.)

> - time_to_live: This will limit the time (in seconds) to retain the notifications. (no expiry by default)

Reviewer: please also add that the value of zero is the default.

     information. In this case, the request must be made over HTTPS. The "topic
     get" request will otherwise be rejected.
   - Persistent: This is "true" if the topic is persistent.

>    - TimeToLive: This will limit the time (in seconds) to retain the notifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - TimeToLive: This will limit the time (in seconds) to retain the notifications.
```

>    - MaxRetries: This will limit the max retries before expiring notifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - MaxRetries: This will limit the max retries before expiring notifications.
```

>    - RetrySleepDuration: This will control the frequency of retrying the notifications

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - RetrySleepDuration: This will control the frequency of retrying the notifications.
```
